1. Refer FB + LinkedIn API's :: Try some of the API's in Postman

- Which API referred
- What did you understand from the API's
- What are the parameters + endpoints
- What are the business utlities of the API's 

Activity 2 :
1.Linkedin
2.API’s are used to perform operation between a set of components using some rules and protocols.
3.Parameters are Feeds/, mynetwork/Jobs/ etc Endpoints are the Contents that are fetched from that parameter.
4.APIs let your product or service communicate with other products and services without having to know how they're implemented.

ENDPOINTS:
Read and explain : What is an endpoint [NOT API endpoints --> Queue endpoint + topic endpoint]
A queue and a topic endpoint are both types of endpoints that can persist messages on an event broker. The main difference is that a queue can have multiple consumers and multiple subscriptions, while a topic endpoint can have only one consumer and one subscription. A queue allows processing of a message by a single consumer, while a topic endpoint allows processing of a message by multiple consumers in a publish and subscribe pattern. A topic endpoint may be better if you want to filter messages earlier and not save them to the endpoint.

What is High Availability Architecture? what happens in High Availability Architecture?

High Availability Architecture is a system design that ensures continuous availability and accessibility of service operation, even in the event of failures or peak-time loads12. In High Availability Architecture, there are different components, modules, or services that work together to maintain optimal performance and recover from anticipated and unexpected failures.

Some of the best practices for achieving High Availability Architecture are:

Load balancing: distributing the workload among multiple servers or nodes to avoid overloading and improve performance.
Data scalability: increasing or decreasing the capacity of databases or disk storage units to meet the changing demand.
Data synchronization: ensuring that data is consistent and up-to-date across multiple locations or devices.
Clustering: grouping multiple servers or nodes together to provide redundancy and fault tolerance.
Backups: creating copies of data or systems that can be restored in case of data loss or corruption.
